---
layout: post
title: Team
---

Our team is composed of three co-founders with ten-year of multi-discipline experiences each. Our expertises complements one from another; each of the cofounders is an expert in their own fields: audio with voices and speech, text with languages and reasoning, images with perception and cognition.

# Huy Phan, Ph.D - Chief of AI

Huy received his PhD (summa cum laude) from University of Lübeck, Germany in 2017. His thesis, focusing on Machine Learning and Signal Processing methods for machine hearing (e.g. perceiving and understanding surrounding environmental sounds), was awarded  the Bernd Fischer Award for the best PhD thesis in 2018. After a postdoctoral researcher position at University of Oxford, Huy was appointed Lecturer (i.e., Assistant Professor) in AI at Queen Mary University of London in 2020 and a Turing Fellow at the Alan Turing Institute in 2021. At Queen Mary, he co-led the Machine Listening lab, a world-leading lab in machine hearing research. He is also a member of Technical Area Committee (TAC) in Biomedical Image & Signal Analytics of European Association for Signal Processing (EURASIP), which appoints leading scientists and technical experts in their field to support EURASIP's technical activities to ensure highest quality and relevant technical development. His research and expertise deeply focus on Machine Learning and Deep Learning for signal analysis, including audio/speech and biosignals. 

In 2023, Huy joined Amazon’s Alexa AI as a Senior Research Scientist. There, his work involves research in deep learning modeling for audio and music understanding and product development for Alexa devices.  In the last project, he was in charge of developing deep learning models for real-time audio event detection and counting under stringent low-latency requirements. The models he developed are the core of an incoming service offered by Alexa devices. The methods he developed during the project have resulted in 3 US patent applications filed. He is currently a core member of Amazon’s AGI (Artificial General Intelligence) team to develop foundation models for audio & music understanding and generation. Foreseeing the inevitable future of cohabitation between human and AI machines, Huy is enthusiastic in building future products to innovate how human-human, human-robot, and robot-robot communicate and interface.

# Phong Vo, Ph.D - Chief of Executive

In Paris 2014, Phong Vo accomplished his Doctor of Philosophy degree in Signal & Images, from Télécom Paristech (ENST). His dissertation studied geometrical structures of labeled and unlabeled data, and proposed graph-based feature learning methods applicable to a set of dimensionality reduction and computer vision problems. Since then he has always been focusing on the “less is more” approach for computer vision. 

After finishing his two-year postdoc about deep learning for scalable image retrieval systems in French Alternative Energies and Atomic Energy Commission, Paris, finding himself always inspired by entrepreneurship, Phong moved to London in Christmas 2016, and co-founded the Kubesee company, accelerated and pre-seeded by Entrepreneur First, the leading startup incubator in the UK. The product he built, predictive yield index insurance, aims to renovate the decade-old agro-insurance industry. Their algorithms, built on top of large scale operational databases of satellite images and weather from NASA and ESA, have been received with commercial opportunities with reinsurers, insurers and farm holdings in Ukraine and South Africa. In 2018, he started helping Winnow building up their pioneering project of using Artificial Intelligence to solve the food waste problem & reduce carbon footprint with smart cameras installed in kitchens across the globe. Phong now is poised to write his new chapter when he sees huge potential in crafting future products to connect  human and robots.

# Trung Huynh, Ph.D - Chief of Technology

After graduating from University of Oxford with a Master in Computer Science, Trung worked as the first Engineer & Data Scientist at Musicmetric, a big data analytics startup in London where he helped the company to build different Machine Learning models to augment intelligence on top of their big data. Trung was a core contributor from the company’s seed-round funding round until it was acquired by Apple in 2014. After that Trung worked as software engineer at Palantir, data scientist at Goldman Sachs and research engineer at Google Research. At Google, Trung worked on various cutting edge research projects including AutoML, Neural Network Architecture search, Conversation Recommender System. Trung played a key role in enabling Google Assistant to be able to elicit user preferences and make recommendations to our users. Trung completed a PhD in NLP/Deep Learning while working full-time.

In 2020, Trung founded Actable AI, a low-code Decision Intelligence platform that brings the state-of-the-art AutoML and Causal ML to help users make better and more informed decisions. Actable AI’s Google Sheets add-on was installed by more than 20K users and tens of thousands of analytics & AI models were created on the platform. Actable AI was voted as one of the most innovative data analytics companies in Europe, a representative vendor in Causal AI and one of the leading no-code startups to watch in Europe by Sifted.

